Do you have to put on the cover is Usshi
Give me a blue seek first
You're a boy
Minus
A little
Desk kana
In the tent
I Nikki bartender and location
This logo's
It shook inner white
Hmm
Daddy
visit
That's also this kid
Oh my tripod
This desk or chair or this tripod or long thin Yao
It is better to be on this side
Because when you attach this and run, your back will be here
Toka sharp objects hit by I want to be able Toka those hard over here
You had better put on this side because
Deb clock Well lightly clothing but is now ready who also entered here I kinda put
Oh
Take the place of the book
What should I do
No
I met you
Worst web chrome bought
You should be on top of this
I'm planning to put in my luggage as much as possible to this side back, so it's really for emergency use
Just Once it is falling Toka rain wonder if should I Shimae this sleeping bag over here
That's right
Do you put a sleeping bag in this first place
Oh
There is no need to enter
Heil Heil Heil enters at all
Enter file ok
Battery or the like is here next to the chuck
So wet
In this amenity, I only use about a campsite already
Here it is usually also put in the transverse
All the small things
Let's put it at the end
Or the gold day also here say tips
With absolute tire gauge
se number is also temporary than I think I will put in Toka This is also zip lock also the sd card
To
Let's go here at the temporary storage
Ray
It is a headlight
Superior
I 'll come here so much at all Cocoa
Close the chuck a
Bach
At 9
I It is where especially say Electric Works can be stored in especially
There is a guerrilla heavy rain with me suddenly Tenru Masun
Besides, I will surely shake the rain like me
Hmm
Wonder if I have got to say that this
Enters mortal guy alignment Is this guy even now people
Hmm
Put the camera in your backpack
Do not get on the sleeping bag opposite to this
Don
I wonder if this is enough
First silver mat first
It has been installed once
It is this net in order to put to this here
If he grabs a little touring net
It's alright
you can do it
Don
It looks like a camp
I'm getting crazy
In this tank back
Well and battery acids I have such that contains Toka little lethal market put it ok
Kana
Two side backs and
It is
First of all, I'm planning to put a clear seal here
So the worst with this sleeping bag and two clear shields
Once you have that it is the floor
I told you
I'm still entering at all
Nde little is also I and Teku too cumbersome smell
You can buy it locally where you got the worst I don't go abroad
This is a few days of camping touring
Last 15 days
But I think that it can not hey hey upload about three weeks more videos
Also
Because the number will play when coming back
I think it would be nice if you could subscribe to the channel if you bought Yangzhou
It will be a fairly super long tooling though
I think I went in safe driving moon
me
Guard
ana